Activities

   Caving

      The sub-activities consist of a number sub-attributes that can be
      combined to represent a detailed activity and environment.

      Environment

         Rock, Ice, Other-material.

         Rock-Granite, Rock-Limestone, Rock-Sandstone,
         Rock-Marble, Rock-Volcanic, and Rock-Other.

         Morphology-Crack, Morphology-Boulders, Morphology-Karst,
         Morphology-Volcanic, Morphology-Erosion, and Morphology-Other.

      Caving method

         None, Basic, SRT, Swimming, Boating, Diving, Digging, and Skiing.
         More than one of these may appear in a single trip.

Generation 2 Format

   For example, an empty file contains just:

             {
               "type": "FeatureCollection",
               "features": []
             }

   Here's an example of a file with just one entry:

     {
       "type": "FeatureCollection",
       "features": [
           {
             "type":
                "Feature",
             "geometry":
                { "type": "Point",
                  "coordinates": [60.30145486, 24.62792567] },
             "properties": {
               "n": "Kattilajaerven iso lippaluola, Nuuksio, Espoo",
               "m": "https://example.com/cavemap-kattilajarvi.pdf",
               "l": 9.3,
               "la": "exact",
               "k": "Espoo",
               "c": "Finland",
               "o": "Europe",
               "rl": [{ "t": "Kattilajaervi roof caves",
                        "i": "https://example.com/a-picture.jpg",
                        "w": ["Jari"],
                        "y": 2020,
                        "m": 5,
                        "a": ["Caving"],
                        "sa": ["Rock"],
                        "u": "https://example.com/an-article.html" }
                     ]
              }
           }
       ]
     }




5.2.  Properties

   The properties described in a GeoJSON file are as follows:

   n

      The name of the place.  By convention the last item of the name
      (after last comma) should be city name.  Mandatory.

   an

      This optional field allows listing alternative names, should the
      place have several names or several alternative spellings of the
      same name.  The value, if present, should be an array of strings
      in the same format as in the "n" field.

   lat, lon

      The coordinates, in WGS84 format.  Mandatory.

   ac

      In some cases there are alternative coordinates for some reason,
      perhaps different measurements or different entrances or different
      location within a larger entity.  The "ac" field can be used to
      carry these coordinates.  Its value should be an array of records,
      with each record having the "lat" and "lon" fields.  The "ac"
      field is optional.

   d

      Free-form text description of the location.

             "d": "This place is really cool!"


             "d": {
                      "en": "This place is really cool!",
                      "fi": "Ei paskempi paikka!"
                    }

   ad

      Optional alternative descriptions, if any.  The value should be an
      array of description objects, where each object should have the
      field "d" for the description (as above) and "s" for the source of
      the alternate description.


   rn

      This optional attribute enables building relations between
      different items. The value of the "rn" attribute should be a list.

      Each entry in the list should be the value of the "n"
      attribute in some other item in the same dataset.

   rt

      This optional attribute MUST be present when the "rn" attribute is
      present.  The "rt" attribute describes the type of the
      relationship.  Since there can be a number of relationships, the
      value should be a list.  Each list item should be a string that
      describes a relationship type.  Currently supported relationship
      types are:

      *  "entranceof"

      *  "entrance"

      *  "sidecaveof"

      *  "sidecave"

      *  "secondaryto": This entity is an alternate/secondary entity
         that describes something already described by some other
         entity.  This can be used to represent reports from multiple,
         alternate sources about the same thing, for instance, when for
         some reason there is no desire to merge their entity
         descriptions in other ways.

      *  "secondary": A reverse relationship of the above, i.e., this
         entity points to another entity that is a secondary entry for
         this entity.

   alt

      An optional attribute that describes the altitude the location or
      the highest point in the destination, in meters.

   fz

      Set to true if the coordinates are "fuzzy" to hide the true
      location for privacy etc. reasons.  Default is false.  This
      attribute is optional.

   m

      The cave map link URL, if any.  If there's no URL, the attribute
      SHOULD NOT be specified at all (and SHOULD NOT be set to, e.g.,
      empty string, although it is RECOMMENDED that software recognises
      empty strings similarly to missing attributes.

   l

      The length of the cave in meters, if known.  The attribute is
      optional, and should be left out if no value is known.  The value
      should be a number and can include a decimal point.

   lc

      If the length is not specified, one can also specify a length
      category.  This is expressed as a string of the forms "<a", ">a",
      or "a><b" where a and b are numbers that may include also decimal
      points.  The numbers represents cave lengths in meters, and
      express the cave length size category, e.g., cave larger than 50
      meters long would be represented as ">50".

   h

      The height/vertical difference in the cave in meters, if known.
      The attribute is optional, and should be left out if no value is
      known.

   la

      The cave length and height accuracy ("exact" or "approx").  The
      attribute is optional, and the default value is "approx" if no
      other value is provided.

   k

      The city/town/county.  In Finland the relevant "kunta" or
      community should be filled in.  This attribute is mandatory.

   c

      The country.  This attribute is mandatory.

   o

      The continent.  This attribute is mandatory.

   rl

      The "reading list", a list of articles describing visits etc.
      This can of course be empty, i.e., [], but the attribute itself is
      mandatory.  The description of what an article object is can be
      found from Section 5.3.

   s

      The source of the data, if specified.  The source is simply
      represented as a string.  Note that the source often defaults from
      whereever the data is being fetched, so typically this does not
      need to be set unless somehow specifically different from other
      entries.

5.3.  Article Objects

   Aach article is a JSON record.  The record has the following fields:

   t

      The title.  This attribute is mandatory.

   i

      URL for an image representing the article.  This attribute is
      optional.  If no image URL known, the attribute should not be
      specified at all.

   w

      List of people who were there.  This attribute is mandatory.

   y

      Year of visit (as a number).  This attribute is mandatory.

   m

      The month of visit (as a number, between 1-12).  This attribute is
      mandatory.

   a

      The activity: Caving, Skiing, etc.  This attribute is mandatory.

   sa

      The sub-activity, e.g., within caving sub-activities or cave types
      are can be Rock, Ice, and so on, wereas within skiing they the
      sub-activities can be Outdoor, Indoor, Snow, Sand, and so on.
      This attribute is mandatory.

   p

      Each article may be described by a URL (if available) or by a
      printed publication such as a book.  The "p" field provides the
      name of the book and any associated other reference information
      such as page or section numbers.  If there's a URL for the book
      itself (not the article in the book), use the field "pu" for that.

   u

      URL for the article.  This attribute is optional.  If no URL is
      known, the attribute should not be specified at all.

   pu

      URL for a publication that contains the article.  E.g., if there's
      an article about the topic or place in a book, place the book
      article here.

   s

      The source of the data, if specified and different from the source
      of the overall entry.

5.4.  Language Codes

   The following language codes are supported:

   fi Finnish


Arkko                   Expires November 2, 2020               [Page 15]
Internet-Draft                Activity JSON                     May 2020


   en English

   se Swedish
